We are hiring for mid-level information technology roles at Meta in the following locations: San Fransisco, California, Palo Alto, California, and Seattle, Washington.

Keep this information about our culture and values in mind as you consider the candidate.

META CULTURE

Working at Meta means making every connection matter

Connection is at the center of our mission to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible. And we live that mission from the inside out. That means we act with intention to build and reinforce strong connections with each other, our work and our shared goals as a company.


We believe in doing career-defining work

Our culture is one of high impact, high performance and high reward, and our community is built of many of the brightest and most innovative minds in tech. We’re passionate, tenacious and adaptable with a strong desire to deliver work that matters and that helps expand human connection in new ways.


WHO WE ARE


Collaborative innovators

We work as a team and exchange ideas, expecting meaningful feedback from each other and learning from the best in their field.


Original thinkers

We value unique ideas that push us to break through what's possible and deliver work that makes a difference.


Thoughtful risk-takers

We don’t shy away from change and ambiguity — in fact, we see it as an opportunity to try something new.

Our core values define who we are

At Meta, core values aren’t just words on a piece of paper. They’re what guide our actions, communication and decisions every day.


Move fast

We build and learn faster than anyone else. Acting with urgency, we don’t wait until next week to do something we could do today. We continuously work to speed up our highest priority initiatives by methodically removing barriers that get in the way. It’s about moving fast in one direction together — as a company and as individuals.


Build awesome things

We push ourselves to ship things that are not just good, but also awe-inspiring. We’ve already built technologies that are useful to billions of people. In our next chapter, we’ll focus more on inspiring them as well, in everything we do.


Be direct and respect your colleagues

We create a culture where we are straightforward and willing to have hard conversations with each other. At the same time, we are also respectful and when we share feedback, we recognize that many of the world’s leading experts work here.


Focus on long-term impact

We emphasize long-term thinking that encourages us to extend the timeline for the impact we have, rather than optimizing for near-term wins. We take on the challenges that will be the most impactful, even if the full results won’t be seen for years.


Live in the future

We build the future of work that we want, with an in-person focus designed to support a strong, valuable experience for our people who work from the office, and a thoughtful and intentional approach to where we invest in remote work. This also means being early adopters of the future products we build to help people feel present together wherever they are.


Meta, Metamates, me

We are stewards of our company and our mission. We have a sense of responsibility for our collective success and to each other as teammates. It’s about taking care of our company and each other.


IN THEIR OWN WORDS

“There’s this strong culture of collaboration and transparency that I’ve never seen before.”

— Mai H., Software Engineer

Our principles

They embody what we stand for and guide our approach to how we build technology for people and their relationships.


Give people a voice



Build connection and community



Serve everyone



Keep people safe and protect property



Promote economic opportunity

Our tools level the playing field so businesses grow, create jobs and strengthen the economy.

ACCESSIBILITY AND ENGAGEMENT AT META

Build community and products for all

Bringing people from varied backgrounds and experiences together allows us to create technologies that break down language barriers, make better business decisions and connect communities around the world.


We build to serve everyone
Our standardized approach involves Meta experts teaming up with community members to integrate varied perspectives. This helps us create technologies that reflect the needs of billions of people across the globe.


Creating technologies to assist people with disabilities

Technology should be accessible to everyone, including people with disabilities. Our AI-enabled technologies make daily living easier, from speech-to-text tools for the hearing impaired to visual enhancements for those with vision impairments.


Using AI to bridge language gaps

Many of our technologies offer translation features like natural language processing, multilingual AI support models and adaptive learning programs to break down language barriers and streamline communication.


IN THEIR OWN WORDS

“We remain committed to building products that serve billions of people across the world. To achieve this, we need as many different voices as we can get on every team. A broad range of perspectives enable stronger teams.”

-Maxine Williams, Vice President, Accessibility and Engagement

Employee resource groups
Meta Employee Resource Groups (MRGs) build community and provide principled programming for people from all backgrounds.











We support organizations that support everyone

We’re proud to help create a world where everyone feels empowered to thrive. We actively support community organizations through community engagement, mentorship and recruitment efforts.






We offer programs to create access and opportunity for all
Participants have access to a wide range of programs and initiatives designed to serve everyone.


Mentorship programs

We offer a range of mentorship programs that give people the opportunity to develop skills and receive the support and guidance needed to succeed in a tech career.


Best Buy Teen Tech Centers

We believe in empowering next-generation tech leaders. Our collaboration with Best Buy Teen Tech Centers provides educational resources to help teens develop the skills needed to prepare for their futures.


Meta Hackathons

This employee event brings cross-functional teams together to collaborate, solve problems and explore innovative technologies like AI and augmented and virtual reality. The event is accessible to all, and teams are encouraged to reinforce their varied perspectives through engaging with participants from a range of backgrounds and experiences.
